docs: about page for CSS components (#160)
transferwise/neptune-web: packages/docs/pages/css/About.mdx

> ## Heritage

Reviewer: Sounds a bit too formal to me, maybe History would sound more familiar.
```suggestion
## History
```

> **CSS components** are part of Neptune Design System.

Reviewer: This sentence feels unnecessary, the whole website is about Neptune so I think it's self-descriptive.
```suggestion
```

> These CSS components are the **evolution of a fork from [Bootstrap v3.3.4](https://github.com/transferwise/bootstrap)** back in 2015.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These CSS components are based on a **[fork of Bootstrap v3.3.4](https://github.com/transferwise/bootstrap)**, from 2015.
```

> Since then, TransferWise developers have changed, customized, adapted and created new components according TransferWise components' designs.

Reviewer: Removed TransferWise repetition and condensed content.
```suggestion
Since then we have changed, customised, and created new components according to the TransferWise theme.
```

> In early 2019 **Neptune was born**, and it became the perfect timing to evolve and change the CSS codebase from the monolith to a **modular way of consuming**, and start thinking in a **modern and standard use of CSS**.

Reviewer: I'm suggesting to remove a lot of the bolding as I feel it becomes a bit too preachy, and not like TransferWise.
```suggestion
In early 2019 Neptune was born, and it became the perfect time to evolve the codebase from a monolith to serving individual modules that are more compliant to standard CSS.```

## What Neptune CSS distributes

> In the dist directory you can find bundles for the individual components, variables, and other common utilities.

Reviewer: I would include fonts here and remove the subsequent paragraph mentioning them.
```suggestion
In the dist directory you can find bundles for the individual components, variables, fonts, and other common utilities.
```

Use the **CSS bundles as individual** components or import the **whole library**.

> You can find **Fonts** here, as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```html
neptune-css dist/
├── css/
│ └── variables
│   ├── _colors.less
│   ├── _custom-media.less
│   ├── _sizes.less
│   └── ...
│ │
│ ├── accordion.css
│ ├── alerts.css
│ ├── background.css
│ ├── badge.css
│ ├── ...
│ └── neptune.css
│
└── fonts/
│ ├── glyphicons-halflings-regular.eot
│ ├── ...
│ ├── TransferWise-IconFont.eot
│ ├── ...
│ ├── TW-Averta-*.eot
│ └── ...
│
└── img/
 ├── *.svg
 └── *.png

```

## Licence

> Taking into account that some Neptune CSS components are inherited from [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) worth to show its licence below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Neptune CSS components are inherited from [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/), the original licence is linked below.
```
